ME
FOVERIES.
SEEING I ANDP
SILND
TPLNGAY2 HOUR
TH
TWOOE EFFECSURY STA MNUSTO TO CR
OUREART THIS NEW P
BE PUTNG
A COMING
>> YOU CAN TPT PAYERICAN CHECKSU
W
NUMBERS OUTHE>> ARE YANGW,LY PU
CAMPAIT HANDS WOCUS
THIS AS AOW WOULD
YOU SEE THIS INULAR AT  I AM TH.
O
HMONTHS.IS  KNOW FINANCIAL INS
I AM
>> YOUEAEC
HOW MUCH WOU
PRESTHINK IT NEEDS  HERE?T NEEDT
MINIMUM O A THOHI
WE ARE
THCDC ISSUEDOID
GATHIN
THIMAGINE WE GET MONEY
BUSINEESON'T HAVE TNS TO
F STILL
OVER HEU WANT D
HAT'S THEIGHT
MASSIVEEMS UP AND  THE SCALE.YD
IDEN A A
NOW AND DON'T HAVECCO
CR O
CIRCUMSTNG TO
NORMAL TIMESHISSETBACK ISNG TO
THE TTOE INNG IEOOAT'S GOING TOD
S.IS IS NOGO
AS USUAL AFTHE CS ORBUSINESSES,
WE W TO .
LP
WE ALL NEED
TET
THE COUNTRY STR A>>WHY HAVE CHA
EALTHIER ANDVES
OUR PUBLIC'SSTACT W THIS
TIME.
>> LSU E SSESSE AIRLINES PRIORI
EENGHE PEOPLEHT
TBUT IT  TO FIND CTAUINES ANDOTE
SU.
AM INDUSTRW
FIRST AND AS WROUGH ND
TULPG BU.